Update pat.md to add configuration instructions (#181)
hacs/documentation: documentation/configuration/pat.md

## Step 6 - Edit configuration.yml

> Follow the instructions [here](legacy.md) to add the token to the Hassio configuration.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [instructions here](legacy.md) to add the token to the Home Assistant configuration
```

"hassio" has not existed in almost 2 years
